Option 1: User signs on via facebook - done
1. User visits webpage
2. User clicks on "Sign-in"
3. User is directed to FB to sign in
4. FB sends webpage token
5. Webpage sends FB back the token
6. FB confirms that we received the token and sends user data
7. We grab the user data and find or create a new user based on that data
8. User is signed in and presented with the homepage along with their name on the right corner

Option 2: User opts out of signing in via Facebook and creates an account with our webpage - done
1. User visits webpage
2. User clicks on "Create Account"
3. User is directed to the a form to enter their name, email, password.
4. User enters their information and is presented with the homepage.

Option 3: user already has an account with us and signs in - done
1. user navigates to sign in page and signs in

Validation for signup/signin - done
1. User cannot create an account without:
-name
-email
-password
2. Validation errors show when a user does not input valid, required fields
3. User is redirected back to the form that is pre-populated

Clean up unused code - do this last

Add Nested Resources for User
1. A user can have many reviews and a review belongs to a user - do this last
2. Add nested resource for a user to create a review for a product - do this last

Products - done
Add products onto products table
Add routes for products
Add pictures onto products#index page
Addname and price onto products page
Each product should link to it's individual products#show page

Cart - done
a user can add a product to their cart
A product has many line-items
A line-item belongs to a product
When user clicks on "add to cart" it should create a new line-item with the product inside that line item in the user's cart show page
create cart routes - cart is nested under user
create cart show page
create cart edit page - implement last

Order
When a user checks out, the cart line items are removed 
When a user checks out they are brought to the thank you page
When a user checks out they can click on the order link on the thank you page to take them to the orders#show page

User
When a user clicks on their name, it will show a link to view all of their orders


Next:
1. Figure out why orders index is not displaying products per order. It has something to do with calling "current_order" which is creating a new order.
2. Add current_order to application class and see if that will fix the issue.


clear all data and start over.
add order total
add cart edits (increase, decrease quantity, and delete from cart buttons/links